Not so bad, right?
You've been learning some stuff,
how to apply it, right?
Okay, so the last thing that we
need style here on this page
now is these album boxes.
So we have this album box down here, the
new album It Was All a Dream, Order Now.
That one is correct.
It's just fine the way it is.
We don't need to change anything on it.
But this one here shows announced new
tour get tickets, that one changes.
So we need to have a background
image on that box.
Notice that the height of that
box changes a little bit as we
go from one break point to another, yeah.
So, we got a little bit
more height to that box,
whereas the album box is not changing,
okay?
And these should stretch all
the way across the screen, so
they match our ridiculous buttons.
[LAUGH] Okay?
Makes sense?
And while you're there,
drop some bolts here.
In where they're called for so
you're gonna do two things then
one I'd like you to style up
the show's announced new tour box.
Okay?
So that it reflects these and
you're gonna drop in these lightning
bolts here they go around
the it was all a dream box
All right, well we are almost done
with the small things that we need for
our difficult design and
I hope this all went well for you.
The last part now is putting
in these lightning bolts.
And styling up this box that says
New Tour on it, as opposed to the one
that says It Was All a Dream,
which should stay the way it has been.
So what I did for my answers for this,
we first of all we put in these lightning
bolts that are here on the page.
And I just dropped those in where the
comment was there was a comment that said
put a lightning bolt here.
So I dropped in those lightning bolts just
as the SVG version of this we don't need
a hover state so
it's fine to use the image.
If you put it in as an SVG directly,
that's okay too.
And I gave it a class of
bolt hyphen LG for this
is the big bolt as opposed to the ones we
had earlier which were a little bolts.
And then I wrote a CSS class for that.
And I decided that 155
pixels was the right size.
I gave it some margin around it and
centered it on the page.
Pretty straightforward, right?
Okay, so there's our two bolts.
Now how about these boxes the box for
the new tour and It Was All a Dream.
How did you guys approach those?
Did you write a whole bunch of
new styles for the new tour box?
>> Added a class.
>> We added a class, right?
So, we did that same idea.
So what I did was for,
It Was All a Dream that new album,
it just still has the class of album,
but this other one here.
We've got it all set up.
It is now has a class of album and
mag line because, of course,
those are the magenta line guys, right?
And so,
then we just need to style that up.
So I've styled that as putting
it in as a background image.
So there's the background image and
I said no repeat.
Okay, so it doesn't repeat itself.
And then we said
the background size was cover.
So in other words,
we wanted to be sure to stretch to
cover the entire width of the thing.
Make sense?
Okay.
When we get things that are bigger.
Like this.
I think we added some styles down here.
Yeah, I changed the height
of it to 300 pixels.
All right.
And I don't think I have
anything down here for desktop.
I don't.
Okay.
So we just set that up there.
You, of course, can put that media query
inside of the album layer if you wish.
Make sense?
So we're all done we, now have all that
stuff styled it's like half the webpage.
Boom, boom, boom, we're done.